Added new kb article grid-export-image-column-excel (#2426)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-export-image-column-excel.md

---
title: Exporting Grid's Image Column to Excel in Blazor
description: Learn how to export an image column from the Telerik Blazor Grid to an Excel file by utilizing the Document Processing Library.
type: how-to
page_title: How to Export Grid's Image Column to Excel with Blazor
slug: grid-export-image-column-excel
tags: grid, blazor, telerik, export, excel, image, column
res_type: kb
ticketid: 1666986, 1662544, 1645206, 1655440
---

## Environment

<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Product</td>
<td>Grid for Blazor, <br />Document Processing Library</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Version</td>

> <td>6.0.0</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>6.0.0</td>
```
Do we need the product version here?

</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Description

I want to export the Telerik Blazor [Grid]({%slug grid-overview%})'s column that displays images to an Excel file. The images are rendered in a [Grid column template]({%slug grid-templates-column%}). How can I include the image column in the Excel export?

> 

Reviewer 2: Consider including a "This KB also answers the following questions" section, if applicable.

## Solution

To export an image column from the Grid to Excel, follow these steps:

1. Handle the Grid's [`OnAfterExport` event]({%slug grid-export-events%}#onafterexport) to capture the Excel export output as a memory stream.
2. Use the [Document Processing Library](https://docs.telerik.com/devtools/document-processing/introduction) to modify the Excel file similar to the example in the knowledge base article about [custom cell formatting of the exported file with RadSpreadProcessing]({%slug grid-kb-custom-cell-formatting-with-radspreadprocessing%}). The SpreadProcessing library supports [inserting images in the cells](https://docs.telerik.com/devtools/document-processing/libraries/radspreadprocessing/features/shapes-and-images).

> For more details on working with images in the Document Processing Library, refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.telerik.com/devtools/document-processing/introduction).

Reviewer: The link leads to the Document Processing Overview. We can either adjust the text or change the link to match the text.

> If you encounter any questions regarding the usage of the Document Processing libraries, feel free to ask for further assistance the DocumentPorcessing team.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about the phrasing of this one. Maybe rework it to something similar to (and provide a way to contact the team):

```suggestion
If you encounter any questions regarding the usage of the Document Processing libraries, contact the DocumentPorcessing team via ....
```

## See Also

- [Handling Export Events in Grid]({%slug grid-export-events%})

> -  [Knowlegde base article about custom cell formatting of the exported file with RadSpreadProcessing]({%slug grid-kb-custom-cell-formatting-with-radspreadprocessing%})

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Knowlegde base article about custom cell formatting of the exported file with RadSpreadProcessing]({%slug grid-kb-custom-cell-formatting-with-radspreadprocessing%})
```
